Would it be possible to add a callback, that I can use to query the remote server and return a set of items that match the entered query?
I'd love to suggest they add an up/down voting feature or something so people could use that and we wouldn't get email notifications for all these +1's.
1000 times - please add .col-tn with breakpoint @ 480 - important to have more control for small-screen layouts.
With great mobile support in 3.0, it would be nice to have one more breakpoint, to separate vertial mobile & horisontal mobile. 
It could be added manually but I believe it should be added to the default set of breakpoints because a lot of people are looking for it.
+1, needed this exact case today in a new BS3-based app.
This feature is so essential, please make it in 3.1 release
PLEASE add another breakpoint below 768... this is really needed!!!
I would really love it if you guys would consider adding another size to more specifically target smaller devices in a future release.
Bootstrap Team: add 480 breakpoint and you will achieve almost perfection! :)
+1 for adding a 480px breakpoint to Bootstrap.
Might be nice to add a link to the grid documentation or have another example demonstrating this like the sticky footer stuff.
+1 for this feature, currently I've replaced entries with only two choices by togglable buttons in my forms, but on/off switches would be far more user-friendly and consistent with today's interfaces.
Would be nice to have bootstrap cached on the browser once for thousands of sites to benefit.
+1 for a CDN
+1 for a CDN for both minified CSS and JS
Another +1 for a CDN
For the moment adding only a date picker and separate time selector would be great, and letter the final validation (maximum/minimum with date be handled by an own function (as is done when using ranges)).
+1 I would love a Date input for Bootstrap.
I would love to see the same improvements and commitment to accessibility in Bootstrap.
Being able to lay out content vertically in a responsive way would be extremely useful. 
It would be nice to have a growl-like notification component within bootstrap :)
+1 for having growl notifications
Would be great to have support for right-to-left languages.
+1 really is something that if needed I would like to get her at the next version
Add support for loading remote data (like facebox) on model window
+1 for noty integration or having a noty theme compatible with bootstrap.
It would be great if Bootstrap supported "autocomplete" like for a search field.
+1 for the integration of Noty with the now already done Bootstrap theme.
We need a dark/inverted style alert for this.
It would be nice to have a better API for this, the current workaround looks a little hacky.
Adding NuGet would be a helpful addition.
It would be nice to have some indication of the total number of items in the carousel and the current position of the carousel.
+1 Having an official NuGet package would be a big win.
It would be really great if Bootstrap at least offered nesting down to a 2nd level this way.
+1 My team uses bootstrap within visual studio, being able to depend on a reliable NuGet package for it would be tremendously helpful.
Adding NuGet support only helps even if it's not the primary packaging system in the future.
It would be great to have a official nuget package
I loved the way you did the subnav on docs, i would love that becomes an component and javascript plugin.
It would be nice if this could be packaged up into Bootstrap proper 
+1 to leave plain design with later additional theme
I want to add a new feature request for bootstrap 4 : Card Flips .
Would be great if we have a file all.min.js with all .js there.
It'd be nice to see Bootstrap add functionality for multiple data-toggle values in a future release.
+1 for the new flat design, makes it much easier to customize
It would be useful to provide column push and pull classes for all three different grids.
+1 for the keeping the base stuff fairly simple / easy to maintain and adding in themes
It would be great if you could add a progress tracker navigation device to your supported styles / examples.
+1 for making the wizard a core part of Bootstrap.
I believe the current plan is to try adding RTL support as a new feature in a minor release post-v4.0.0, although given the Core Team's lack of RTL expertise, it's still a bit up in the air.
but if I have a already bold text and I want to remove the text formatting, then text-normal would be very helpfull.
It really would be nice to have an API to request a custom build from.
It would be nice to see this issue taken into consideration in future releases.
It would be great if when you click a button, the ajax would load the according content and add it to the modal
I would like an option to remove the hover too !
Perhaps you could consider adding a similar set to bootstrap?
It would be nice if we could use negative offsets to allow presentation order to be independent from source order. 
I'll add one more vote for better source ordering support as andregriffin suggests.
would be awesome to write a plugin which you could drop in to easily extend all other plugins with accessibility support etc.
It would be great to be able to specify a custom classname to be used by a popover..! 
Bootstrap is a very great project and I hope they will support RTL very soon.
Would be nice to have a simple way to have the headings of a table stay at the top of a table as you scroll the page. 
Would be nice to have this integrated in so it's aware of the other fixed elements like the navbar and will adjust blocking accordingly.
It'd be nice if Bootstrap offered a component to <audio> and <video> tags using the grid.
I would like to propose adding additional _variables.scss to be baked into b4.
Adding the uppercase and lowercase variables to the the _variables.scss file would help inspire a designer to utilize casing for in their designs.
It will be good to add dropdown placement customizing. 
Would be nice if it behaved like popover.
I was thinking that it would be great if there's a easy and intuitive way to also bootstrap a configurable style guide on top of Bootstrap docs. 
+1 for having jQuery 3.0.0 support in Bootstrap 3.x
I would love to see bootstrap on npm!
It would be good feature add similar option for .btn-outline- or use colors from $btn-*-color in button-outline-variant mixin, or use sass functions for checking color lightness.
However I am about to implement a feature in my project that I think would be useful to have in the bootstrap core.
Further, it would be great for it to have Huxley (or similar) integration into a Grunt task, so that it also allows you to test your styles for unintentional changes.
But would like to see the markup return for common implementation.
In order to standardize transitions it would be useful to add variables for transitions.
Please add this in Bootstrap docs.
A way to declare the factor by which headings are scaled up and down by screen size would be great.
Ideally, users should be able to define 4-5 colors (primary, secondary, etc) and the entire colorscheme would change to match exactly (form highlights, borders, background, everything).
I think it would be useful, to add a black button.
I would love to see responsive tabs added in the BS3 release.
It would be incredibly helpful to be able to get a live preview what the user interface components would look like when customized (colors, fonts, etc).
As the title says, can you add support for jQuery 3.
Also -- Can we add a variable for the input focus transition (for border and box shadow) in the [13. Forms] section.
Agreed with these guys above, badges are different because of the shape, and thus I would love to have the standard color states available for them as well out of the box.
And classes like .m-xs-auto, .m-xl-auto would be great for responsively centering block elements.
Keeping in line with the other table features that Bootstrap offers, it would be great if this effect is not enabled by default. 
An "apply" and "reset" to default settings would be great.
It is useful to have the default value as a placeholder, but it would be nice to have it in the value as well, which would make it possible to use the default value as a starting point.
I'd like to see the Gruntfile become a tool anyone can use. 
It would be nice to have a busy indicator component.
Just wanna say me and my company is using this from around a year and this works like wonders and can be a good feature if its gets added up for Bootstrap 4
At the very least it would be nice to have a class in Bootstrap that disables the hover effect.
Please add a titled panel component to Twitter Bootstrap.
So as bootstrap is a popular framework , it should have this feature so that ipad users will not face that difficulty in future.
It would be nice to be able to set the amount of items to display.
If I have a page wide carousel with 50 content items (product photos for instance), it would be nice to be able to show 5 items per time.
Also with the option to display more items in the carousel container, the following extra options and functions would be needed for flexibility.
I've used a bootstrap plugin (http://www.jasny.net/bootstrap/examples/navmenu/) for this sort of thing before but it would be great to have official support for something like this.
It would be also nice to keep abbreviations like md, lg for only breakpoints to reduce the confusion.
If added a OVERLAY option, this will be great :)
So it would be really nice if there would be a bootstrap-native progressbar
Basically it would be nice to add bootstrap via package but not add any actual files to the build output, but simply a reference to a (possibly configurable) CDN URL.
It would be great if the gutter width could be configurable independently for the grid definitions in each of the screen sizes. 
It would be nice to have responsive spacing utility classes to manage gutters easily.
I'd love to see an option to configure bootstrap so it would use a CDN instead of local files when building for production. 
in http://getbootstrap.com/customize, it would be a nice improvement if we could save or import less variables to customize bootstrap.