Has anyone stuffed the data source with values retrieved from MySQL?
I've looked and don't see it, but I'm wondering if anyone knows of link to make feature suggestions to GitHub?
Could you please share what stuff is planned for the 3.1 ?
Was it left in there on accident? 
How can I get the file bootstrap.css directly (without having to download the whole .zip file)?
Is there a CDN of some sort?
What are the thoughts of just rolling a Bootstrap jQuery UI theme?
Do you see this being extensible to include two months at the same time, side-by-side?
Why are you using divs instead of a table?
Any progress on that? 
So is anyone working on it?
Is someone interested on define the data range markup?
Why implement these when there are already 2 different types of notifications?
Why not use HTML5 Notifications?
How would you set up the folder structure for the package? 
I wonder what would be the percentage of developers using vNext projects in next 6 months, more than 20% ?
What would this actually end up looking like?
Does anyone have a working example that includes the markup and css? 
Is there something you would change?
What's the trick to get the javascript to work?
How exactly does it need to get inserted to make the scroll-wonder happen?
What about button elements that look exactly like label elements?
What if all elements looked the same? 
Could you make hovering more color intense? 
Is there a way to set the modals width and have it center properly?
How do you set an iframe width within the modal to be the same width as the new bigger width of the bigModal?
is it possible to have a layout inside the modal header ?
and is it possible to have the width / height and position aligned automatically ?
Is there a particular style you think would be useful? 
Can you confirm that you're using Safari v7.0.5?
What is the best way to make a screencast?
Do you have any Safari extensions installed, by chance?
Could you please reduce that to a minimal JS Bin?
Also, do you remember which browsers sometimes hide the scrollbar and when they do it? 
Why you overwrite margin-right on .dropdown?
What viewport width was this at?
How do I use those with a customized bootstrap?
Is there a particular reason for doing this?
May I ask why is it considered closed?
Could you please point to which example the problem is most frequently reproducible with?
Could you give me some details or even better links why you not update? 
is there a timeframe for how long support for V3 will last? 
Are you using Bootstrap v3 or v4?
Has anyone observed this problem on Windows or Linux?
Could you please make a JS Bin, jsFiddle, or similar that demonstrates the problem?
Has anyone been able to reproduce this?
What OS(es) have you observed the problem on?
Any update on this? 
Could you please post your about:gpu and which distro you're running?
Is your collapse animation broken on the docs example?
Just to verify I wonder if this would affect any other functionality with the collapse feature, such as this example on bootstrap's docs:
why do you think MutationOberserver is the wrong choice for this issue?
Is there a way to achieve the functionality without changing the bootstrap file?
How are you judging that the page is using a lot of memory, and which operating system are you using?
Have you tested with Windows Chrome or Linux Chrome?
Could you re-test using the latest Bootstrap code in the master branch?
What OS and browser are you using?
Can you test this and see if it works for you?
Are there any updates on this?
Can you post a screenshot?
Is there any solution to attach a "size changes" handler to the modal that updates the modal without having to manually call the the update handler?
When are you thinking of having the challenge?
do you have a reduced test case (in jsfiddle or similar)? 
What version of Windows are you using?
I wonder if there is any possibility that this line would be somehow injected with a future Bootstrap. 
Are you able to reproduce this in the iPad Pro Simulator in Xcode?
Does converting to dojo first make the most sense?
Is there a part time solution to this issue yet?
What do you think?
Could you give step-by-step instructions to reproduce the problem?
Is there a way to achieve this type of layout with the current Bootstrap classes??
did you try landscape mode?
How does one correctly combine media queries? 
what are you doing for the options?
are you able to see what it output? 
Why is the issue closed actually? 
Is there a final solution/decision?
Hey, is there a quick hack so links inside the modal window open in the modal too ?
Can someone please post an example of loading content into the modal body, using the fix from @fat ?
Is there a way to trigger that functionality with the pure JS with unadorned DOM (no data attributes)?
Has someone already started on this?
Why not use fractions instead?
Is there a good work around?
Does the new typeahead code support remote data sources?
Is there a point in reimplementing his? 
Could you please create a solution for fluid rows as well?
What did they suggest to include?
Is there a specific reason that this doesn't support remote data?
Does anybody know of a workaround?
Sorry if I am wrong, I'm new to Bootstrap community :(
Why are any of these !important ? 
Is there any progress on this one?
I was just curious to know whether this "spacer" solution has been added in core of Bootstrap or not?
Wondering if there's a better solution?
Can you describe idea a bit more?
Did you read his proposal?
could you plz schedule this for v2.1?
Is this coming to v4?
Is this finally supported in newest release (v4.0.0-alpha.2)?
any idea what release this will be included in, and when it will be live? 
I was wondering why all of a sudden so many very simple show/hide calls weren't working in JavaScript.
What should that involve except for aria and keyboard navigation? 
Hi I was just wondering if any progress is being made towards this. 
Has anyone done an audit of Bootstrap to identify all of the accessibility issues, or at least the most pressing ones?
Or am I missing something? 
Are there any developers working on it? 
Are you using multiple monitors?
If so do they want help?
What do you have in mind to alert to visitor with?
So the question I'd ask is do you feel strong enough about a feature like this to open a new issue and reference this thread to provide detail or do you feel you've done what you needed to and can move on comfortably?
How does this cut down on time?
Does anyone have the same problem or a solution?
Is there a way I can take it a step further and simulate clicking the "Compile and Download" button in a script to download the generated zip?
have you taken a look at how the customizations are currently being passed to the herokuapp for building?
Is it possible to hack somehow our html to get this effect?
Could you post your about:gpu with hardware acceleration re-enabled?
Is this assigned to somebody and will we see a fix in 2.2?
Is there an alternative place to get a custom build? 
Can anyone else prove that master branch (last commit) still has this issue ?
Just wondering, why would anybody want to first clear the menu if the page will reload anyway? 
Can you be more specific? 
What's the bug? 
Can someone summarize the problems you've encountered with jQuery 3.0 alpha and Bootstrap 3, in the form of a few simple jsbin examples?
Is there a remote cache somewhere that could be causing this?
Can you provide screenshots of what you're seeing vs what you're expecting? 
Have you tried with other browsers/systems?
Any news on this? 
What would I need to run the script myself ?
Is this ever gonna be fixed?
What's the status of this issue?
I wonder if it could be linked to Chrome 19 specifically. 
Is anyone else getting the same behavior?
Anyone figure this out yet?
Anyone else experienced this?
Can you provide more details about what the conflict is?
Can you explain me how to use noConflict?
What did I do wrong?
Any news about that?
Is it the right way?
Was it ever tested?
Is it going to be fixed in any of the nearest releases? 
Does anybody know a good solution until the library is updated ?
What browser was used for those tests?
What if someone has success as a post tag?
Could you also please include the unminified JavaScript version of bootstrap.js?
Can anyone offer any insight into why this style might have affected my modal layout without them containing any images that match that style declaration?
Are there any other popover libraries that people know of? 
I'm just curious as to why v4 is using 1rem as the html font-size? 
Is there a planning for exit?
Want to know when alpha.3 version will be available on the web site?
Do you have a concrete example of a problem caused by this?
What version of iOS are you running?
What iPad model are you using?
any update with this?
Also, are you using Bootstrap v3 or Bootstrap v4?
Is there a better way to handle? 
How will this be handled in future versions of bootstrap?
Why don't you open a new ticket?
What if the proposed $.fn.bootstrap version number is appended only to the fully built bootstrap[.min].js file?
Is there a way to do this currently with Twitter Bootstrap?
Will the input-group-wrapper class be added?
Can we now consider this sufficiently addressed?
Would you be able to share what your specific, real-world form was that required such a layout?
is there a place one could submit bugs and suggestions about your tool?
Can bootstrap do this now? 
Any updates in last 9 months?
Can you @Yohn elaborate?
Or is there a better way to handle this?
Does anyone have a fiddle example of successfully using the "container" option?
But is this anything guys want to do?
Is this not essentially what a "well" is?
What do you think?
Could you link us to the dupe?
How about we just use 1%?
Is this what you mean?
Do you experience this problem in the docs too, or just on your own page?
Could you give your reasoning for not including the Firefox fix in the code itself?
Can you post the solution into any other code tool?
Is there anything we can do here to integrate with existing plugins? 
how are you currently implementing it?
Is there a need for that from "upper management"? 
Are you targeting 2.0-wip or master?
What browser and OS are you using?
How do arrive at that conclusion?
What do you think about introducing jquery.transit to handle the collapse functionality?
Which local files are you referring to?
Can you confirm that the problem is resolved using this Bin?
Would you mind making your example into a JS Fiddle or JS Bin?
When will this be published or is there any Internet accessible site with this new feature ?
What are your reasons that the border-width "generally" shouldn't be defined by a variable, or customised?
In case it's relevant, what version of Firefox and what OS are you using?
Did you check it with 28.0? 