Well i tried to add less but somehow it breaks the grid system.. 
The other problem is the IE7 doesn't support :before and :after. 
There's an error in the minified JS link above.
However, there are some problems in Opera/Linux:
I have a very strange issue with your datepicker using Chrome if there's only one field on the page: when using the keyboard it moves 2 days forwards or backwards instead of just one.
The problem with using a select to choose the year is that the choices are limited.
When I click on the year and enter 20 for the year, the week numbers doesn't show correctly:
I noticed that too, but that's a JavaScript error.
That won't work on IE 7 and 8 for the same reasons my earlier attempts didn't work. 
I could replicate the subnav but dropdown is not working on it :(
Displaying, hiding, and displaying the same modal multiple times will sometimes fail, leaving the modal backdrop fade in place and no modal displayed.
Modal scrolling appears to be broken in iOS 8, but only in some cases. 
However, according to the HTML5 validator, your example has some validation errors, which might potentially be causing your issue:
i had the same issue after focusing on any input/textarea element in modal. 
The use of -webkit-overflow-scroll: touch; apparently doesn't have anything to do with this—I still have the same problem without that property.
I’ve had a similar problem where a modal will not scroll on iOS.
I still have this issue after using an input field in the modal..
A similar issue happens in IE11 on Windows Phone. 
I'm still having the issue as well even with 2.2.2(.0). 
However the issue per se is a bug in bs3 for me because the behavior isn't consistent.
Edit: that might just be the placebo effect, still having issues scrolling when in landscape mode :(
I'm having same issue in my app.
Also have this problem on IOS 6.
Love that you are working on fluid thumbnails, but they're still broken for me after the first row.
I get the same results that you do, animations for .in in FireFox does not work.
The problem is that the transition adds the class collapse back to the element, transition is called when you uncollapse an element.
So with every collapsable panel inside a modal I will have problems with the backdrop.
It's a major break in backward compatibility.
Because of the change with modal backdrop and the new function from #15106 there are a lot of problems with the modal backdrop now.
Was having this problem too with bootstrap v.2.3.2
I get the same error if i add the icon-component only to the bundle.
bootstrap-dropdown.js when minified with JSMin::minify produces error in Firefox error console saying clearMenus()needs ;
This doesn't actually work for me – I get TypeError: Cannot read property 'name' of undefined every time I try var autocomplete = $('input').typeahead();. $('input') itself is as expected, but and has a working typeahead in the UI, but .typeahead() still returns an error.
Sometimes it's the opposite, the button is on the first row and refreshing the page will break it.
I tried removing the margin-right on .collapseMenu and still have the issue.
Also, the weird thing is that sometimes it renders properly but once I refresh the page a couple of times it breaks.
If I keep hitting F5 after that the button breaks again
I am still seeing this problem on Firefox 33.1 and also after an upgrade to Firefox 33.1.1.
Therefore the problem has to be somewhere in lines 455—472 of the current customizer.js.
And, unfortunately, the latest FF 34.0.5 is still not triggering the download for me...
I also have a vague memory of the same issue on Windows 7 64-bit, but that may be a false memory.
Just ran into this issue after updating to latest version of Chrome.
I'm still seeing the issue in ipad for 2.3.0
I just downloaded custom version without icons and it has the same problem.
The problem was we were concatenating CSS files with spaces instead of just straight up joining them like we do with the JS.
I've seen this bug outside of Bootstrap and was also able to prevent the flashing by killing the transition. 
You seem to have found a different bug (related to DOM attribute mutations) which also causes the same type of flickering.
Basically when bootstrap styles are included on the page (compiled from less or directly from dist/css)
chrome fails to print/preview the page.
Same problem here, I get this error even with everything checked :
Still getting this error, as well with a custom build.
The bug cropped up when the outermodal (with overflow hidden) scrolls valuable content out of view when a modal opens in our iframe.
Biggest problem with floating thead is such a function is intense for such a small feature.
This is still an issue with Chrome 48.0.2564.109 m (Windows 7).
I'm experiencing this issue as well :(
This issue is still going on even in IE 11.
I tried to make it work simply with a new typehead() call and new values, but it does not update at all.
I experienced the issue on IE11 desktop/laptop.
I can confirm its still broken...even using defaults.
The problem is still there.
This bug is preventing us from moving up from Bootstrap 2.3.2 on our project.
I believe I am also seeing the same bug in Safari 7.0 on OS X Mavericks.
I have just encountered a small related issue with .hidden-* and .visible-* classes - they define display rule for block and table elements, however, I needed to show/hide inline elements. 
There is a problem in IE, caused by this line:
I'm having this issue too.
The *::first-letter selector in _print.scss is causing the problem in IE11:
One issue I found is that due to how Typeahead is written, after you modify the source array the results don't get picked up till the next keystroke. 
The problem with this particular effect is that it's very difficult to override without replacing the whole bootstrap/tables.less with your own file.
Still getting error
When printing in Safari 7 and Firefox 25 the grid carries over to the print style, but in Chrome 34 and IE 11 everything stacks when printed.
Unfotunately, it looks like it fails to pass the tests neccessary for submitting to bootstrap.
Having the issue in Chrome Desktop with v.2.1.1
the first-letter issue was causing a crash.
Same problem for me with Bootstrap 2.1.1 on iOS 6 :-(
This issue can be replicated by selecting an item and holding down the mouse button without releasing.
I can confirm this issue with my 2.2.2 build as well.
unfortunately still happens. custom build, nothing default, same error message.
I am still getting errors with custom package.
Just checked in Chrome 23.0.1271.64 m (updated today) - bug continues to appear.
Since the error is located in mixins.less bootstrap fails to build the css if you have at least one css option checked.
even after fixing it in alpha 5, printing itself isn't working correctly in IE.
Addressed issue causing “Print all linked documents” to not work in Internet Explorer 11.
The issue in Firefox appears to be a bug with how floated elements are handled across different pages
I downloaded a good copy earlier (about 2 hours ago) but now get the error again.
Yes, i have the same error.
I'm facing an inconsistency issue (between Firefox and Chrome) when using floats on a multi-line "form" that contains input-groups, as demonstrated here.
One problem I'm encountering is that button panels aren't "responsive" enough. 
The issue is still reproducing on iOS devices.
When enabling flex to create an auto-layout column, the colum reset with the use of .clearfix doen't work.
I ran into this problem as well using the Google Map API alongside bootstrap.
I looked around and found out it is this definition causing the issue :
We were able to reproduce them on other iOS devices and simulators with the same version of iOS.
If you reorder the thumbnails and call the JS again this won't work as expected every time.
I'm trying to get Bootsrap through Customize, but every time I get a blank boostrap.css and file error.txt with the error:
just tried still get an error:
Your workaround doesn't work for me.
Partial solution is to use display: run-in;, but it's also not working in all cases.
I see this is still a problem in v4 as well in iOS.
I'm using card-block now as a flex item but it won't work if I want to have card header or footer.
I just stumbled on that same issue myself; While the proposed solutions here works for thumbnails "alone", it still fails when using the Sortable plugin from jQueryUI
Using the noConflict method to rename the bootstrap tooltip function causes the tooltip code to throw a lot of errors.
Unfortunately this solution don't work with drag & drop.
... the fix breaks the layout on mobile devices, though.
Facing the same issue on Chrome Version 21.0.1180.79, selecting the option form keyboard keys works but using a mouse no update in the input box. 
If you reorder the thumbnails and call the JS again this won't work as expected every time.
His solution was not working right for me when I had an element with a span12, and things were messy while sorting that.
I'm having the same problem on bootstrap 2.2.2.
I also trying to use bstooltip function but it doesn't work. 
osx 10.8.2 , chrome 22.0.1229.94 bug continues...
My original problem is that we are using jquery tools which has its own tooltip method and the two don't play nice despite the attempt to add an ineffectual noConflict method.
I have not tested everything but Modals are broken because of this major change:
I'm coming to the conclusion that the bootstrap tooltip noConflict doesn't work :(
The proposed jquery code didn't work for me; i have span12 li's that each will be put on a new row. The second thumbnail still has the margin.
I appreciate everyone enjoying / using this hack, but realize it won't work with anything that doesn't support nth-child.
Using the nt-child() CSS3 selector would not work if IE 7 and IE 8 support is to be kept.
Unfortunately this solution don't work with drag & drop.
Problem is the lack of .fade on the div.modal. 
I removed it but I was able to reproduce it with and without the collapse div
I have managed to isolate and reproduce the problem: https://jsfiddle.net/fczbkk/jhdsua5k/
I was able to reproduce in Chrome only (Version 50.0.2661.102 (64-bit)).
I'm seeing this issue with Chrome 22 on Mac OS X 10.8.2 as well.
Hovering .table-striped rows remain broken with @mchiocca's fix.
I still have this issue with netdna host CSS.
osx 10.7.5, Chrome Version 22.0.1229.94 issue still exists.
I've looked the source code and the problem is in this function
When the IE9 browser window is minimized an error occurs with responsive-table and table-hover. 
Same issue, have the same problem with S7 on 6.0.1 SM-G930W8 and Chrome 51.0.2704.81 and Chrome Dev 53.0.2782.9
quasiperfect's answer doesn't work in all cases because it does not take the size of the tooltip into account. 
Now I can have tooltip functions (Bootstrap and jQuery UI) but $('#example').bstooltip() doesn't work
I think the biggest problem with the table background hover is that it's a hardcoded color, meaning it will only go with the default table color.
Disabling a button group item does not seem to work anymore in 3.3.5.
The above jsfiddle example still doesn't work.