Several times VS Code has become unresponsive overnight on the above configuration (locked). 
Just about every day I'd log in to find my VSCode windows left overnight have all crashed (with the standard uninformative/apologetic crash error, "Visual Studio Code has crashed").
I'm getting the same basic issue as @Elusive138, when I leave code running overnight (every night), in the morning without fail I get "Visual Studio Code has crashed".
All of my crashes happened when VSCode didn't have focus. 
I recently experienced a crash .
Experienced a crash when using the insider build not long ago. Had been on for 2 days. 
The app crashed a few minutes after losing focus.
This is my first crash for the insider build but as for the normal build, I upgraded to v1.0 and it still crashes every few minutes or so after opening making it unusable.
I'm still seeing the occasional crash in the morning with the latest insiders build
Every morning, I unlock my computer to find VS Code has crashed overnight.
VSCode 1.3.1 crashes about twice a day for me, once overnight (always) and sometimes randomly during the day.
It just crashed now while I had it open in the background, not using it for about 2 hours. 
i left open in the background for a while with unsaved changes, came back, started typing and vscode froze for a few seconds then crashed.
And when i do a push show me an error: fatal: Authentication failed for 'http://MY-HOST.../branch-locatlocator-select-ui.git/'
I'm using VSCode 0.10.6 (newest version) and I still have this problem.
I can confirm that this issue still persists to some extent.
We are using bitbucket as git store and when pushing from VS Code an additional / is added to the url when pushing (or pulling) and an authentication error is thrown.
Today I faced same issue with vscode 0.10.6. I got prompted with bitbucket credential window but when I enter it got failed.
I also arise same bug on windows8.
Similar set up to BryanConradHart getting the error
I am also facing the same problem
I'm having some trouble getting it to work at all on OSX or Ubuntu 15.04 VM. 
Using the DocumentFilter pattern **/docker-compose*.yml I was able to get this to work, however DocumentFilter **/dockerfile* does not work – I don’t even get syntax coloring.
However, if I try to use a filter for Dockerfile - e.g. **/dockerfile*, it does not work.
This seems to be a problem with our glob matcher
However, using the pattern **/dockerfile* in line 15 for the dockerfile does not work.
I am having these issues on Ubuntu 14.04.
Notably, the dev console doesn't seem to indicate any errors that are thrown when I click the button, but every few seconds a bunch of errors are spewn independent of me trying to install extensions; no idea if it's related. 
Like previous commenters - able to search extensions, but install button does nothing.
Dev console spawning periodic errors exactly like posted by @WasabiFan
No, it still has the issue on Ubuntu 14.04 with your provided archive.
I'm using Fedora 24, and I'm still having the problem even when trying the versions you posted. 
I also deleted the folder, but it still not working on ubuntu 16
I have having the same exact issue.
Adding "trace": "7683" to the launch config did not change anything for me and I still got the same error. 
I can also confirm this issue is happening inside a generator function using bluebird's co
Maybe is not related, but I notice that the problem ocurror more ofen when I try to debug promises (using bluebird for example)
I'm using VSCode v. 1.4.0-insider (updated right now) on Windows 10 and I have the same problem (tested with node 6.2.2 and node 6.3).
I set the breakpoint as indicated in #8859 (comment) but this code wasn't called when clicking on the “Install” button of the new extension panel.
On VS Code 1.3.1 and node v. 5.9.1 I have this problem only when trying to debug mocha tests with the following launch configuration
FWIW, I'm getting almost the same error exept that it says vscode_backtrace: Internal Error, instead of just Internal Error.
I still habe this issue with an attached debugging session. 
With "type":"node2" it won't attach and "trace": "all" does nothing. 
Trying to launch a Node JS app give an error: Cannot launch debug target (spawn node ENOENT).
I have similar issue that code-insiders does not respect my PATH variable (overrides with PATH=/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin).
The fix in the June release (1.3.1) was not sufficient to cover all cases.
For me the issue is NOT fixed. 
I am getting this issue when attempting to install extensions.
However, when I run the full installer from the website, it begins to fail again. 
The first one fails because I try to install the most popular Python extension. 
I did some research previously and electron and atom have a similar error but different circumstances.
I normally use a VPN, and I also get the problem when using my home connection, without the VPN.
Like I said, it updated the extensions once I updated the app, and then one I tried to install a new extension, I got the same error again.
PS right now I'm on my mobile phone connection, and it fails again.
Renaming it to add the vsix extension and running "Install from VSIX" produces the same error.
But that won't work with a value that is just there but not defined.
I know VSCode has not support JSX yet but it didn't appear so much error highlights in the last version, even I had already changed my language mode into Plain Text.
It turns out that the xterm on the machine (3.19.0-15-generic #15-Ubuntu) is not setting SHELL to my actual shell (/bin/ksh) but defaulting to /bin/sh.
Same problem here, none of the hacky "fixes" I've found around the internet seem to help either.
With vscode I can only prepare commits. Pull, push, sync all fail because they aren't asking for password.
The biggest problem is that on Windows the SSH_AUTH_SOCK and SSH_AUTH_PID variables may be available to all processes or just a single console session depending on how ssh-agent was started. 
When I push from VScode I still get the same error...
But I still have problem with lineEnd, will sync with @sandy081 offline.
I have the same issue when debugging PHP script with XDebug. 
but when i click on the link i have an error message :
Sorry to open it again, but there is still a small issue.
It seems unlikely to be a tsserver thing as it's the build task thats failing which is calling tsc, and when you open a file it does give the errors for that file.
When any team member using macos builds through VSCode they get somewhere between 50-150 build errors shown in the Tasks output and problem window, on windows machines we get the full ~1300
on the devices we're running here we are actually seeing some errors after running the build task
I have issue with projects which are local i.e. that are not linked with any github or gitlab. 
I am also experiencing same issue with VSCode 1.11.0. 
I also noticed that the plain electron shell has had the same problem for some time.
I encountered exactly the same issue after upgraded to VS Code v1.11.0.
Disable all extensions(they are all grey), but the error come again.
Having the same problem on my Raspbian (debian) running at a Raspberry Pi 3.
Same issue with Win10 after upgrading to VSCode 1.11.0 with a Node.js application.
I am also facing same issue the only extension I have installed is Material Theme extension and I have also checked after disabling it but the error was there whereas I have uninstalled and reinstalled vscode again but still the error is persisting..
I recently got update of vscode but the error is still showing.
I found this problem occurring when working in a project folder (e.g. D:\Tmp\hello-world) not enabled for GIT (no .git subfolder), but with a .git subfolder in the parent directory (D:\Tmp\).
I am still facing the issue and also I don't have any connected git repository with vscode.
I have the same issue...it runs my fan constantly and burns through my battery. (No typing lag, though.)
Hi Benjamin, I am still having the same issues as described before with the build you provided. 
I got some errors trying to install nodesource repo. 
I have found Go to file's indexing against a full Chromium workspace to be very slow.
Although, after uninstalling (using the uninstall command in vscode) several other extensions, the problem reappeared...
I have had problems with the insider builds over the last 2-3 days where the editor freezes while I am editing typescript files. 
I don't have the zip of this version laying around anymore, but I am pretty sure the issue existed there as well.
I can confirm that this issue also exists on windows in the newest february 2016 release. 
I just found the problem found a "translate3d" CSS transform that makes it blurry.
If open source of VSCode with our SPANs in latest Chrome, there is same problem.
I tested with 1.10.2 version and I have the same problem
--disable-gpu doesn't work for me - still exhibits blurriness when scaling on external monitors:
I am having this issue on Mac OS X since the march update
I was experiencing the same issue on Windows 7 with 150% scale.
I have the same problem @jamesone since 1 week or more,
I updated vscode this morning to v1.5.3 and the problem still appears to persist.
A similar problem occurs to me: the _ctrl+_ shortcut did not work on my keyboard (_German keyboard, Gnome/Mutter window manager_), it works likectrl++` : it increases the font size of the editor.
In my case, the problem was the new Angular Language Service plugin. 
So the original problem does not happen here, but another issue is happening:
I found this issue also on a Mac when using the Node.js debugger, I just use kill -9 to shut it
Currently, themes other than the default tend to look kinda awkward when displayed alongside the toolbar and sidebar. 
Changing the type to node doesn't work with node v7.5.0
I use exactly that, but when I try to commit from VS Code with that config attribute set, I get the following error output in the Git console of Code:
