Closing this issue out.
Thanks in advance!
it is just temporary, we may re-open it soon
It's Russian nesting dolls
I’ll try the instructions above later.
You may be right. 
Agreed all comments.
This would be very useful.
Any support will help me quite a lot.
I hope the team considers these issues.
If I have the time this weekend I may try to take some video of it.
And if there are particular benchmarks you'd like me to run, lay it out for me exactly what you'd like me to do and I'll give it a try.
I am beginner in android,
Sorry for inconvenience with my project and let me investigate about this.
Forgive me for late response,
Closing this now as your original issue has been addressed
Thank you for your question.
life is hard
Why am I not surprised...
Also @zheng-xq for TF opinions
Adding the stream-executor owner, @henline here.
Ah, got it, thanks for the explanation.
Hope this helps folks sole their install issues.
awesome look forward to the day its open sourced!
Would be happy to chip in if individual efforts are being assigned and tracked somewhere.
Please file finer grained issues.
My apologies for this simple question, but I am very unfamiliar with this build system.
That's true - sorry, should have been more specific.
It's been a while since I've checked up on this issue. 
Sorry that you are having this issue. 
I hope everything will be clear enough
Yes, exactly.
Thanks for pointing this out!  
Hi Geoffrey, thanks for taking an interest in this issue. 
Ah, sorry for not reading carefully.
Not exactly. 
Thanks, that's very useful. 
I have just started to learn tensorflow, it is the place where I can begin ~
Stay tuned.
Thanks, that's great to hear!
Sorry, I'm discovering tensorflow.
Hello, my question is more simple.
I'm not so familiar with Python :)
Please open a new issue if this doesn't address what you would like to be able to do. 
Someone can comment if for some reason #2389 doesn't fix this
Hi, and thank you for your job)
I'm newbie in tensorflow.
Thank mrry, I was looking for this
Thanks for the clarifications.
Nice, good to know the fix is so simple. 
sorry, I didn't even realize I wrote the acronym.
OK, closing this as fixed. 
Hope this suggestion could be taken into consideration.
Thanks for the super quick reply.
Let me know if you need additional details.
That's good news 
Thanks so much.
Looking forward to your post so I can get tensorflow running on the TX1
I'll try your suggestions.
Appreciate all the help.
That's fantastic. 
Any help is appreciated.
Thank you very much for the effort and time to support the community.
Any help is greatly appreciated.
Hope that helps.
Thanks for feedback!
Thanks for the very detailed report. 
Thank you for the explanation. 
Good questions :)
Forgive my offense and really thanks for any help
I expect it to land sometime next week.
Any insight would be much appreciated!
thank you for the help and direction! 
Thanks for the update and for tracking this down.
Thank a lot.
Thanks a lot!
I couldn't agree more with janerivi and davidzchen.
Good tip.
Thanks for the report. 
Notified the author.
But thanks, I will look into it again.
Thank you very much!!!
I hope my problem and solution may help a little.
Thank you all for helping me.
Great to hear that you are willing to help!
JUST DO IT
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your support.
Thanks for the response, vrv.
If anyone has any comments/tips - please feel welcome to join the discussion!
If you have, we could join our efforts and collaborate on that
I'd be happy to help you set up the build if you would like.
Thanks for the info on using Bazel. 
I'll have to try again.
Sorry, it turns out I was wrong.
I apologize for the confusion.
Finally, I want to thank @davidzchen and @saudet for all of their help; I would not have been able to do this without them.
That would be great!
Looking forward to compare this with an equivalent wrapper using SWIG!
Nice work on the JavaCPP presets!
Thanks for the feedback!
email me at my first-name dot last-name at gmail, happy to walk you through what I have...
Please let me know when you plan to start.
Thank you for the feedback. 
Pls keep me update. 
Thanks for letting me know. 
It's just my personal experience.
If someone sends us a PR, I'd be very happy to merge it.
Thanks, special functions are well worth adding, and we'd welcome contributions in this direction.
However, I'm undecided on this.
This would help a lot.
Once we are more able to accept external contributions, improvements like these from the community are welcome!
Hopefully it will be helpful for someone here.
Eager contributors should discuss with us here or on the discussion mailing list to figure out the best way to integrate such a change.
Btw, this is my first time contributing to tensorflow, any guidance or suggestion would be appreciated.
I want to contribute to tensorflow java api , I prefer implement it like python. 
I also would like to contribute.
None yet.
